Update managed-identity.md (#187)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-java: msal-java-articles/advanced/managed-identity.md

MSAL libraries provide lower level APIs that are closer to the OAuth2 and OIDC protocols. 

> Both MSAL Java and [Azure SDK](/azure/developer/java/sdk/overview) allow to acquire tokens via managed identity. Internally, Azure SDK uses MSAL Java, and it provides a higher-level API via its `DefaultAzureCredential` and `ManagedIdentityCredential` abstractions. 

Reviewer: nit: "...allow to acquire tokens..." should probably be "...allow **you** to acquire tokens..."

Reviewer 2: Or, alternatively, "acquiring tokens"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both MSAL Java and [Azure SDK](/azure/developer/java/sdk/overview) allow acquiring tokens via Managed Identity. Internally, Azure SDK uses MSAL Java. It provides a higher-level API via its <xref:com.azure.identity.DefaultAzureCredential> and <xref:com.azure.identity.ManagedIdentityCredential> abstractions. 
```

To quickly get started and see Azure Managed Identity in action, you can use one of the samples the team built for this purpose:

> > [!div class="nextstepaction"]

Reviewer: Not sure if it's just an issue with viewing it in Github, but this bit of script doesn't seem load correctly (you just see `[!div class="nextstepaction"]` before the link to the sample)

Since it's just a single link to our one sample you could probably get rid of it entirely.

Reviewer 2: This won't render in GitHub, but will render OK on `learn.microsoft.com` :)
